hello there YouTube I just want to show
my little vice project I bought this
from a junkman that's another one for $1
apiece I would have found you if I
didn't want underneath that's up for a
dollar please be paying about every year
but I've been jockeying this thing
around to turn it around out here well I
finally got smart I chopped it off and I
weld a piece of pipe in here the pipe is
a little bit smaller so you can see it's
kind of offset but what I did is I
wrapped some newspaper around the little
pipe and shoved it in here then squared
it up and even though it burns when
you're welding it doesn't matter but
that kept it snug
well we're pipe goes down in here about
four inches I've got a bunch of masking
tape and black tape wrapped around it
that way if it's all said I'm going to
get a good snug tight crunching into
that when I tighten it so it's not a
biggie it's nothing for safe it looks
kind of weird like that but I painted it
and I got tired of this rusting it shuts
out the weather all the time I use
outside I put clear on here clear
lacquer on this part insanity I got
tired of jocking this thing around I'd
have something devices like and it sucks
there's no way to turn it
this needs to be redone I've made a
piece of metal is way too bullet and I
thought about drilling and tapping it
under here we put two more bolts and I
just need to get that done sir
drill and tap that just soft cast steel
drill them tap that put some washers in
there too heavy
for bolt on the base but it's not used
for nothing super-strong works pretty
good
a little t-handle i braised this in here
instead of welding so I could do a
little better job just like on this I've
raised it I wanted to be a little bit
smoother they want to have spent all the
time grinding off the weld because your
hands going to be on there you don't
want to snag it made it four inches
that's pretty good get your hand on
there that's pretty tight but cut make
it too long this little how-to video
your run across the vise don't have a
bottom on it well don't pass it up
there's a tip for you thanks for
watching